Before we get started let's cover in brief what you'll be seeing throughout this course or more specifically
how I'll be writing and running the electron projects in the course lessons.
First up the project code I'll be using for this I've created a very simple boilerplate project based
on electron ISIS own quick start project.
The main difference being a reduction in code comments to better follow along on video and a few code
changes in preparation for upcoming changes in the electron API will cover getting this project code
set up in the next section of the course however.
Then to edit project code I'll be using the atom editor an editor that happens to be both using electron
any editor will do and no extensions or configuration is required although ensuring basic javascript
and HDMI syntax highlighting will be useful.
I've linked to the ATM download page in the lesson resources to run the project code.
Any command line tool will do.
I'll be using the hyper terminal again both using electron but the native Mac terminal or windows command
prompt is perfectly suitable.
The only prerequisite here being to have the latest version of No dodgy OS installed you can find the
link to the no DOJ is download page in the lesson resources.
I'd also encourage you to check each lessons linked resources throughout the course as you'll find any
valuable references to that lesson there.
So with that said and knowing what to expect in the next section of the course we'll get started installing
electron getting our project code set up and running that boilerplate project for the first time.